you were better in the
relationship or did you rather say
both the time interval five
minutes
what was new with his girlfriend?
every attraction starts together in the
boxing especially the
Probably that you are my girl
Of course, how is it?
low therefore, the now yes
so with one almost online
dating is serious and good at that
someday a match with the sabine
56 years old hobby's house is building something like that
i have to say i find relationships
even better to say something
because you're just as micro here
trains were greetings
yes, I almost thought that you
want to greet someone here I am
Great mango fan of the category so
this one does not even work on 1
for you as long as 1000 grams can be good
can sometimes give away just like that
principle of the course good morning good
with paint or poor visibility as always
to live dear people i have today
follow the idea yes I have again
really some shit comments from you
but for that I have to read very briefly
a little story tell me
Yesterday's happened yesterday I was
Celebrate a bit in the club with Tim and
must really say that you only built crap
teach now white neckar newspaper
even a minute to a little less
the content possible to beat out
that is when to hold and really like that
a lot of comments in possible read though
your crysis 2 comments we will be here
in 2 to 3 comments served nico
at nico we do not know that we know
when it comes fuck off's me thinks
is always surprising from
video comes nicos training plan
look for the post her has nico
let's say a maximum of one exercise yes the
weight bench yes
nico pushes over then if the one
good day
on a good day ten kilo if it is the
trade jersey is exactly the dumbbell
even if I am in german then
I hit as good and happy times a
good day
the teams are that we are the zero
Forgot you'll find yourself no less than
now just the one live
if you now nico and sascha nimtz the
two of youtube the two on the
weight bench packs worth closer
I know it first when you do it
I have seen and I want and I know
fox given
At that time I was still a bit
have the longest day I've had fun because
I was a guy who likes to sit
because that's the way it is and me
already wanted to be seen directly as a stitch
somehow can be really good
be friends
in fact it still has to be forgiven
has then again and again the break
toured and we actually did
together really good friends
we made friends in
which universe